## AST-GCN: Attribute-Augmented Spatiotemporal Graph Convolutional Network for Weather Prediction

This is a TensorFlow implementation of AST-GCN: Attribute-Augmented Spatiotemporal Graph Convolutional Network, previously utilised for Traffic Forecasting. Past studies and work on weather prediction models using spatiotemporal data haven't adequately considered external factors. This paper suggests that including these factors can substantially improve the accuracy and understandability of predictions. As a solution, the Attribute-Augmented Spatiotemporal Graph Convolutional Network (AST-GCN), introduced in 2021, was leveraged. This manuscript can be visited at https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/9363197 or https://arxiv.org/abs/2011.11004.

The AST-GCN model uses attribute augmentation, a method that enriches the dataset's existing attributes with additional information. This can provide better context, improve data depiction, and help the model recognize more detailed patterns and relationships. In this model, external factors are classified as dynamic or static attributes and are combined into the model through an attribute-augmented unit. This technique improves the model's ability to understand the impact of external factors on weather forecasts, pushing the boundaries of spatiotemporal modeling techniques.

Previously, the AST-GCN model was only used in traffic prediction and showed promising results. This study aims to use this model in weather prediction and compare the outcomes with established baselines of Graph WaveNet (GWN) and Temporal Convolutional Network (TCN) on the WEATHER-FLOW platform, a platform enhanced as part of my Honours year Computer Science year-long project, alomgside my individual implementation of AST-GCN.
